After a while, I knocked Jing Yun out in his bedroom
You find a few more brothers and sleep with him
After the thing is done
The overseer is rewarded
Miss Qi, are you sure?
He, he, he is the wife of the overseer
This is the life of the Overseer
What are you afraid of? After you ruin his reputation
Not only will the overseer not punish you
There will be rewards
Then trust me, Miss Qin first, no
What about Mrs. Gu?
After today
The position of the Overseer Lady is mine
Mother, the night pearl of the East China Sea
Dedicated to mother
Mother, I know you like double-sided embroidery.
This is what I embroidered day and night
Hope you like it.
Oh, dear.
It's so beautiful, hahaha.
Jingyun is really stylish.
As long as you like it.
Madam, I have a sister
I heard that the old lady is highly respected
Today, I specially prepared a congratulatory gift
Take a look.
Yuting Lai
Hello old lady
I am the seventh sister of Sister Humei
My name is Qin Yuting
Ah!
Madam Gu
I heard you like antiques
This is the round blue and white that my family treasures
It's worth thousands of dollars
Thrush's sister really has a heart
Yo Yuan Qinghua
Oh, this is good.
Haha good mother
Thrush also has a gift for you
Oh.
Madam, my Qin family has some friendship with the commander-in-chief
Today?
I specially invited the commander-in-chief to celebrate the old lady's birthday
What commander in chief
company leader